I love this woman I love this woman and
I have to tell her and if she laughs she
laughs it makes it feel any better if I
ask you the prom
seems Blaine he's so beautiful Blaine
don't just let the major appliance
that's not a name
does he have strong lips strong lips
so weird for me you know maybe this
shouldn't happen you know maybe doesn't
happen all the time and doesn't mean it
isn't right right this is not the time
to get serious over some Nimrod he's
gonna use you and then throw you away
you're ashamed to go out with me you're
like him he likes you uh what his
friends think shouldn't make any
difference
it's fun let them know that it didn't
break me all right love songs like they
used to it's Oh